Xiaoxue, you really love to joke, I'm not kidding
Your family doesn't face any affection at all
Chu Chen and I mocked in every way
I don't have relatives like you
Xiaoxue, you are going too far
What? You made it so big?
You don't recognize my relatives now, do you?
I didn't go out to find relatives
His husband
But Rong Shuai
Then let's make friends with them
What will my future be like?
I can't help it. He's soft and doesn't eat it.
You take it
Beg him to make it through
Look at his face
Oh please
How can we do this?
The 100,000 Demon Flame Army has arrived
Chu Chen, I see where you are going
Who dares to come to the Shooter Governor's Palace?
Let's go
Thank you all for coming today, Lord Wang
Hahahahaha